This is a brief video on a type of
a toxic sore tailbone injury that
causes the tailbone to be
stuck in a side vent position.
On each side of the tailbone which
is at the bottom of the sacrum.
These are the two sit Bones.
The tailbone is found and it's
comprised of four
bones and quite often.
They will fuse together but retained
some Mobility where they connect with
the sacrum and a traumatic injury
such as a fall on onto your sit bones
falling on one side may cause it to
get stuck in a bent position bent to
one side and that happens you can
find that if you palpate with your
fingertips on both sides, you'll
notice that unwinds the one side
there's a deeper sulcus and that is
if its side bent to the right then
you will hit.
On this transverse process early,
where's on the other side?
There's a deeper a wider Feltes and
one would think that if one has an
injury and it causes that tailbone to
be bent to one side one would think
that treatment would involve directly
pushing it back in the direction
where it belongs and that is at times
true.
But other times if the injury
involves the whole pelvis and
there's a whole twisting mechanism that
occurs throughout the hip joints and
the sacroiliac joints involving a
whole pelvis than these large
ligaments that connect the pelvic
bones to the sacrum and coccyx as
well those become involved and it
because it becomes very difficult
large forces that are maintaining the
The tailbone in a side vent position
and a nose examples, you have to
treat that twisting pattern
throughout the whole pelvis.
There's a pattern that I've
discovered and described and develops
even for an installed lower.
Windswept pelvis and that's a pattern
in which your five different things
that you need to do to create balance
in the hips and the sit bones in the
sacroiliac joints prior to reducing
the side vent fixation of the coccyx.
So I think that that's serves as a
nice introduction into the type of
tailbone injury that is named side
vent fixation and there are other
types of injuries such as a backward
bent coccyx that the delivery of a
large baby and fall on the tailbone
can cause it to flex forward and
sometimes one of these statements
will separate and that can be named a
fractured coccyx when in fact, it's
actually a separation of a joint.
But another left that's what they
call it.
So this concludes my discussion and
there's a couple of
other YouTube videos.
I posted on the subject of coccyx
pain coccyx joint dysfunction and
also on the pattern which I
named lower Windswept pelvis.
Thank you very much.